Documentation updates (#11)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-device-onboarding: FAQ.md

## How can I update the default credentials used to connect to a device ?

> By default, the plugin uses the credentials defined in the main `nautobot_config.py` for NAPALM (`NAPALM_USERNAME`/`NAPALM_PASSWORD`). You can update the default credentials in `nautobot_config.py ` or you can provide specific one for each onboarding task.

## How can I update the optional arguments for NAPALM ?

> Optional arguments are often used to define a `secret` for Cisco devices and other connection parameters. By default, plugin will use a provided secret for each onboarding task. If such one is not provided, for tasks with a declared platform plugin will read optional arguments from Nautobot if they are defined at a platform level. Last resort of optional arguments is `settings.NAPALM_ARGS`

## Does this plugin support the discovery and the creation of all interfaces and IP Addresses ?

> **No**, The plugin will only discover and create the management interface and the management IP address. Importing all interfaces and IP addresses is a much larger problem that requires more preparation. This is out of scope of this project.

> > We recommend Network Importer tool from Network to Code for a post-onboarding network state synchronization. See [https://github.com/networktocode/network-importer](url) for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We recommend Network Importer tool from Network to Code for a post-onboarding network state synchronization. See [its GitHub repository](https://github.com/networktocode/network-importer) for more details
```

## Does this plugin support the discovery of device based on fqdn ? 

> > **Yes**, plugin will resolve FQDN into an IP-address and will use the IP-address for its connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Yes**, plugin will resolve FQDN into an IP address and will use the IP address for its connections.
```
